c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.exe.config
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.exe
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.pdb
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Styles\Buttons.baml
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Styles\Texts.baml
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.baml
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Styles\Fonts.baml
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.g.resources
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.exe
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.pdb
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\SideMenuControl.g.cs
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.Core.dll
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.Core.pdb
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\minorsonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\SideMenuControl.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\PageHost.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\PageHost.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Dialogs\DialogMessageBox.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\DialogWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Dialogs\DialogMessageBox.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\DialogWindow.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\BubbleContent.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\Menu\VerticalMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\BubbleContent.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\Menu\VerticalMenu.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\ApplicationPages\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\ApplicationPages\RegisterPage.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\SideMenuPages\HistoryPage.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\SideMenuPages\HelpPage.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\ApplicationPages\MainPage.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\ApplicationPages\RegisterPage.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\SideMenuPages\HistoryPage.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\SideMenuPages\HelpPage.baml
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\AnswersHistory\AnswersItemControl.g.cs
C:\Users\MinorSonek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\AnswersHistory\AnswersItemControl.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.exe.config
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.exe
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.pdb
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.Core.dll
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\AnswersHistory\AnswersItemControl.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\BubbleContent.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\Menu\VerticalMenu.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\PageHost.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\SideMenuControl.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Dialogs\DialogMessageBox.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\DialogWindow.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\ApplicationPages\MainPage.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\ApplicationPages\RegisterPage.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\SideMenuPages\HistoryPage.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\SideMenuPages\HelpPage.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\App.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\AnswersHistory\AnswersItemControl.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\BubbleContent.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\Menu\VerticalMenu.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\PageHost.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Controls\SideMenuControl.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Dialogs\DialogMessageBox.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\DialogWindow.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\ApplicationPages\MainPage.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\ApplicationPages\RegisterPage.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\SideMenuPages\HistoryPage.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Pages\SideMenuPages\HelpPage.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Styles\Buttons.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Styles\Texts.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Styles\Fonts.baml
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.g.resources
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.exe
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.pdb
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.Core.pdb
E:\gitRepos2\Quiz-WPF\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
